Add instructions on building gems (#2072)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/programming/gems/code-gems.md

### `<Gem>EditorSystemComponent.cpp`, `<Gem>EditorSystemComponent.h`

The `<Gem>EditorSystemComponent` class is the system component class for managing the Editor module. You can use this class to program Editor functionality. For example, if your Gem implements a component or a window that appears in the O3DE Editor.

## Building a Gem

After a Gem is registered to an engine, project, or the global `o3de_manifest.json`, you can build the gem using the command line.  Gems that have been added to a project will be built automatically when the project builds.  While developing a Gem, however, you may want to build it individually to avoid rebuilding the entire project.

In the directory that is appropriate for your engine installation, use the `cmake --build` command and specify the build solution and configuration.  Use the `--target` flag to specify the Gem modules that you want to build, `<Gem Name>` for the main Gem module or `<Gem Name>.Editor` for Editor modules.  

The following example shows the command to build _both_ the Editor and main Gem modules for a Gem named `MyGem`:

```cmd
cmake --build build/windows --target MyGem.Editor MyGem --config profile -- -m
```

> When you build a Gem, the build system will also build any of the Gem's dependencies that are listed in the Gem's `gem.json` file.

Reviewer: This is actually incorrect.

The build system will build any build and runtime dependencies listed in the Gem's `Code/CMakeLists.txt` file for the specified target.

The "dependencies" field in the `gem.json` doesn't affect the build dependencies of the gem, it only affects the order in which the gem directories are visited when cmake configures

### Building a Gem in Visual Studio

> Open the build solution that is appropriate your [engine installation](/docs/welcome-guide/setup/setup-from-github/building-windows/#build-the-engine), for source engine installations this will be the engine's root directory, for pre-built SDK engines this will be the project's root directory. Then find your Gem's `Code` directory in the Solution Explorer.  This directory contains all of your Gem's build targets, including the main `<MyGem>` and Editor `<MyGem>.Editor` modules.  Ensure that the correct build configuration is selected on the top toolbar. **Right-click** on a module and select **Build** from the menu to build the module.  

Reviewer: It looks like there is a missing `for` before `your`.

Also for the second sentence which starts with "Then find your Gem's `Code` directory in the Solution Explorer", we may want to clarify it that it is at `<MyGem>/Code`
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/56135373/200684783-2d840ad6-5547-4a41-9e01-42e540812dc0.png)

Author: I fixed the type and added an image of the context menu after right-clicking a build target.  I also added a clarification that the code directory would _in most cases_ be found at `Gems\<MyGem>\Code`.  I noticed that some of the core Gems have an additional layer of directories before you hit `Code` (an example is `Atom\Asset\ImageProcessingAtom\Code`) and I'm guessing that it's possible for a user to create a Gem in a similar manner.  Is that correct?

Reviewer: Yes, the Atom gem contains other gems within them.
So Atom contains an `ImageProcessingAtom` gem within it located at Atom/Asset/ImageProcessingAtom

We call these sub gems and they are listed in the `gem.json` files for the parent gems in the  "[external_subdirectories](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/development/Gems/Atom/gem.json#L19-L31)" field.

### `<Gem>EditorSystemComponent.cpp`, `<Gem>EditorSystemComponent.h`

The `<Gem>EditorSystemComponent` class is the system component class for managing the Editor module. You can use this class to program Editor functionality. For example, if your Gem implements a component or a window that appears in the O3DE Editor.

> ## Building a Gem

Reviewer: Correct, creating a gem automatically registers it with either the `project.json` if the gem is created under the project directory, `engine.json` if the gem is created under the engine directory, otherwise it registers the gem wotj `o3de_manifest.json`.

After a Gem is registered to an engine, project, or the global `o3de_manifest.json`, you can build the gem using the same command line tool that you use to [build the engine and projects](/docs/user-guide/build/).  Gems that have been added to a project will be built automatically when the project builds.  While developing a Gem, however, you may want to build it individually to avoid rebuilding the entire project.

In the directory that is appropriate for your [engine installation](/docs/welcome-guide/setup/setup-from-github/building-windows/#build-the-engine), use the `cmake --build` command and specify the build solution and configuration.  Use the `--target` flag to specify the Gem modules that you want to build, `<Gem Name>` for the main Gem module or `<Gem Name>.Editor` for Editor modules.  

> The following example shows the command to build _both_ the Editor and main Gem modules for a Gem named `MyGem`:

Reviewer 2: @lumberyard-employee-dm @FiniteStateGit When would we want to build only the Editor modules, or only the Gem modules, or both?

Reviewer: As @FiniteStateGit says depending on what targets are available in the gem, that would determine what to build.

For example the DefaultGem template contains both a game and editor target. 
The user could then choose to remove the game target from the Gem's CMakeLists.txt. In which case, the gem becomes a tools only gem and only the editor module needs to be built.
Alternatively the user could then choose to remove the editor target from the Gem's CMakeLists.txt. In this situation, the gem is a runtime(game/simulation) only gem and only the main Gem module target would need to be built.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for clarifying! That's exactly the bit I think was missing in my understanding. Might be helpful for folks who are new to Gem development to understand that the nature of a code Gem can be either for Editor Mode or Game Mode, and as a result, there are different modules to build. Out of scope for this PR, but info I think would be helpful in the Gem section.

```cmd
cmake --build build/windows --target MyGem.Editor MyGem --config profile -- -m
```

When you build a Gem, the build system will also build any of the Gem's dependencies that are listed in the Gem's `code/CMakeLists.txt` file.

### Building a Gem in Visual Studio

> Open the build solution that is appropriate for your [engine installation](/docs/welcome-guide/setup/setup-from-github/building-windows/#build-the-engine), for source engine installations this will be the engine's root directory, for pre-built SDK engines this will be the project's root directory. Then find your Gem's `Code` directory in the Solution Explorer, in most cases it will be located at `Gems\<MyGem>\Code` in the Solution.  This directory contains all of your Gem's build targets, including the main `<MyGem>` and Editor `<MyGem>.Editor` modules.  Ensure that the correct build configuration is selected on the top toolbar. **Right-click** on a module and select **Build** from the menu to build the module.  

Reviewer 2: Suggestions explained: 
- Because there are multiple steps, you can organize it into numerical steps.
- For the first step, split it into multiple sentences. 
- Preference for present-tense as appropriate. (E.g. Remove use of "will")
- Added a link explaining build configurations

Question: 
- Do we ever want to build the <Gem>.Static? Or just <Gem> and <Gem>.Editor?
```suggestion
1. Open the Visual Studio build solution that is appropriate for your [engine's build type](/docs/welcome-guide/setup/setup-from-github/building-windows/#build-the-engine). For source engines, this is the engine's root directory, and for pre-built SDK engines, this is the project's root directory. 
1. Find your Gem's `Code` directory in the **Solution Explorer**. In most cases, this directory is located at `Gems\<MyGem>\Code`.  This directory contains all of your Gem's build targets, including the main `<MyGem>` and Editor `<MyGem>.Editor` modules.  
1. Ensure that the correct build configuration is selected in the top toolbar. For information about build configurations, see [Generated build configurations](/docs/user-guide/build/configure-and-build/#generated-build-configurations). 
1. **Right-click** on a module and select **Build** from the menu to build the module.  
```
